README.md, before:

# GuidanceChatBot
This bot reads if trees to determine what predetermined reply to give. Complete instructions are at the top of GuidanceEmpty.java.

Example of an if tree:
<good,great,healthy>

A tree is essentially just a list of words. A row of trees is just lists separated by a space.

if < has a comma after it, then a word from that list must necessarily be in the input making it a "required word". At the end of each finders array
string is the number of required words needed in order for the code to output a reply. Only the "<," at the first level is counted as a required word.
Standalone words are also required words.

An example of a complete/valid list of trees for finders array: 
<the> sun <is> <,bright<ly>> <,shin+e<,s,ing>> 3

There are 3 required words in that line: sun, bright, and either shins, shines, shining, or shineing. Both bright and brightly are valid inputs because the "ly", being a single value not required tree, means that "ly" can either be at the end of "bright" or not. A "+" has this same principle applying to only the very next character. An input phrase of "sun bright shine" would not be accompanied with a reply because the "<,s,ing>" required word pair prevents "shine" as an option and leaves only
shins, shines, shining, and shineing as possibilities. Shin and shines would be options if the word pair was not required such as "<s,ing>".

More symbols and their purpose is outlined at the top of EmptyGuidance.java.

Let me know about overall improvements, issues, or any other relevant suggestions. This code is free to use and modify however you wish

Email: robecslab@gmail.com    
Discord: goodunderstander

Guidance.java currently runs on this discord server (and a few others): https://discord.gg/UcnKbXgk3D as Guidance#6620, and it can be invited to
other servers as well. 

To run this java bot as a discord bot, maven must be installed. Follow the steps in https://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/maven-in-five-minutes.html to create a valid directory structure, replacing the auto generated .java files with yours. Then in the code, replace everything up to the wordar(String) method with the contents of GuidanceDiscordBotify.txt and replace the pom.xml with the one provided here. In that same directory as the pom.xml, first run

mvn package

then

java -cp target/my-app-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar com.mycompany.app.Guidance

Replace "com.mycompany.app.Guidance" with your desired directory path as well as in the pom.xml, and enable gateway intent for the discord bot.

Commit message:

Thouroughly Elaborated
We should all be vegan because pain and pleasure are the only things that have value. There is a lot of negative actual value in the suffering of the animals put in farms for a not needed use.

README.md, after:

# GuidanceChatBot
This bot reads if trees to determine what predetermined reply to give. Complete instructions are at the top of GuidanceEmpty.java.

Example of an if tree:
<good,great,healthy>

A tree is essentially just a list of words. A row of trees is just lists separated by a space.

if < has a comma after it, then a word from that list must necessarily be in the input making it a "required word". At the end of each finders array
string is the number of required words needed in order for the code to output a reply. Only the "<," at the first level is counted as a required word.
Standalone words are also required words.

An example of a complete/valid list of trees for finders array: 
<the> sun <is> <,bright<ly>> <,shin+e<,s,ing>> 3

There are 3 required words in that line: sun, bright, and either shins, shines, shining, or shineing. Both bright and brightly are valid inputs because the "ly", being a single value not required tree, means that "ly" can either be at the end of "bright" or not. A "+" has this same principle applying to only the very next character. An input phrase of "sun bright shine" would not be accompanied with a reply because the "<,s,ing>" required word pair prevents "shine" as an option and leaves only
shins, shines, shining, and shineing as possibilities. Shin and shines would be options if the word pair was not required such as "<s,ing>".

More symbols and their purpose is outlined at the top of EmptyGuidance.java.

Let me know about overall improvements, issues, or any other relevant suggestions. This code is free to use and modify however you wish. I hope it convinces you to be vegan, as it's plain to see how the logic can now be and is hard coded.

Email: robecslab@gmail.com    
Discord: goodunderstander

Guidance.java currently runs on this discord server (and a few others): https://discord.gg/UcnKbXgk3D as Guidance#6620, and it can be invited to
other servers as well. Future goals include having Guidance as a Reddit chatbot as it should be millions of times more effective for the animals.

To run this java bot as a discord bot, maven must be installed. Follow the steps in https://maven.apache.org/guides/getting-started/maven-in-five-minutes.html to create a valid directory structure, replacing the auto generated .java files with yours. Then in the code, replace everything up to the wordar(String) method with the contents of GuidanceDiscordBotify.txt and replace the pom.xml with the one provided here. In that same directory as the pom.xml, first run

mvn package

then

java -cp target/my-app-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar com.mycompany.app.Guidance

Replace "com.mycompany.app.Guidance" with your desired directory path as well as in the pom.xml, and enable gateway intent for the discord bot.
